--- 
layout: post
title: Krabi
wordpress_id: 112
wordpress_url: http://www.fiftyfootfoghorn.com/archives/112
date: 2006-03-09 21:53:29 -03:00
---
My flight landed in Krabi in the evening so Brandon and I had planned to meet up at a hotel in the center of town. I split the taxi ride into Krabi city with some fellow travelers and joined up with Brandon who had already booked a double room for us after a short day-trip to another island. We went out for dinner at the row of food carts by the water and enjoyed some mystery-snacks and noodle soup. A few drinks later we walked around a bit and decided the only thing going on was a live band playing to a handful of people in a small bar. A good choice as the band allowed people to go up and sing songs with them, so Brandon rocked the mic for a bit. We chatted with some other travelers and hung out with the band as they were closing up. They bestowed upon each of us our new thai names: Som Chai (myself) and Som Suk (Brandon). We had bought a boat ticket for Koh Phi Phi earlier so we woke up the next morning to catch it...
--- 
layout: post
title: Krabi
wordpress_id: 112
wordpress_url: http://www.fiftyfootfoghorn.com/archives/112
date: 2006-03-09 21:53:29 -03:00
---
My flight landed in Krabi in the evening so Brandon and I had planned to meet up at a hotel in the center of town. I split the taxi ride into Krabi city with some fellow travelers and joined up with Brandon who had already booked a double room for us after a short day-trip to another island. We went out for dinner at the row of food carts by the water and enjoyed some mystery-snacks and noodle soup. A few drinks later we walked around a bit and decided the only thing going on was a live band playing to a handful of people in a small bar. A good choice as the band allowed people to go up and sing songs with them, so Brandon rocked the mic for a bit. We chatted with some other travelers and hung out with the band as they were closing up. They bestowed upon each of us our new thai names: Som Chai (myself) and Som Suk (Brandon). We had bought a boat ticket for Koh Phi Phi earlier so we woke up the next morning to catch it...
